#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --strip-extras
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   elasticsearch-haystack
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
    #   openai
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
backoff==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   posthog
blinker==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   elastic-transport
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   limits
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
    #   posthog
elastic-transport==8.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   elasticsearch
elasticsearch==8.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   elasticsearch-haystack
elasticsearch-haystack==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
flask==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-limiter
flask-limiter==3.12
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
haystack-ai==2.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   elasticsearch-haystack
    #   haystack-experimental
    #   ollama-haystack
haystack-experimental==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   haystack-ai
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ollama
    #   openai
huggingface-hub==0.29.3
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   haystack-ai
jiter==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   haystack-ai
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
kaleido==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
lazy-imports==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   haystack-ai
limits==4.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-limiter
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
monotonic==1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   posthog
more-itertools==10.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   haystack-ai
multidict==6.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
narwhals==1.32.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   plotly
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   haystack-ai
numpy==2.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   haystack-ai
ollama==0.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ollama-haystack
ollama-haystack==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
openai==1.69.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   haystack-ai
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-limiter
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gunicorn
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   limits
    #   plotly
plotly==6.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
posthog==3.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   haystack-ai
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
psutil==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic==2.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   haystack-ai
    #   haystack-experimental
    #   ollama
    #   ollama-haystack
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.33.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   haystack-ai
    #   posthog
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   haystack-ai
    #   huggingface-hub
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   haystack-ai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   posthog
rich==13.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-limiter
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   posthog
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   openai
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   haystack-ai
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   haystack-ai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
typing-extensions==4.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   haystack-ai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   limits
    #   multidict
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   rich
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   elastic-transport
    #   requests
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deprecated
yarl==1.18.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
